obtain OAuth access token [DOC-821] (#6040)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/http-api/index.md

### Authentication

> Choose between [basic authentication](#basic-authentication) and [OAuth](#oauth) to authenticate headers. 

Reviewer: Can we call it `authenticate requests` instead of `authenticate headers`

Author: ```suggestion
Choose between [basic authentication](#basic-authentication) and [OAuth](#oauth) to authenticate requests. 
```

> info ""
> Include a colon before encoding. While encoding the write key without a colon might work due to backward compatibility, this won't always be the case.  

#### OAuth
[Obtain the access token](/docs/connections/oauth/) from the Authorization Server specific to the region. 

> Include the access token in the Authorization header as a Bearer token to the resource server. For example:

Reviewer: Include the access token in the Authorization header as Bearer token along with your project's **Write Key** in the payload of the request. Authorization with Bearer token will look like:

Author: ```suggestion
Include the access token in the Authorization header as a Bearer token along with your project's write key in the payload of the request. For example, Authorization with Bearer token looks like:
```
